# End User License Agreement (EULA)

p5play is a sole proprietorship owned and operated by Quinton Ashley ("p5play"). p5play is a JavaScript game engine, that provides a platform for making games and art projects ("Content"). You are a user of p5play ("User").

By using p5play, you agree to the terms of this End User License Agreement (EULA).

You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations when using p5play. It is illegal to create content that infringes on the rights of others.

You consent to p5play using Google Analytics to track how you use p5play.

Unless you are a p5play Patreon supporter or on @quinton-ashley's public p5play-exceptions GitHub repo list, you agree not to remove the "made with p5play" loading screen from any content you create with p5play.

https://github.com/quinton-ashley/p5play/wiki/FAQ#how-do-i-remove-the-made-with-p5play-intro-loading-screen

p5play will not show ads to users while they are creating content with p5play, unless they're using p5play's advertising tools. These tools are a planned feature that will allow users to implement ads in their programs. Users would receive 100% of the revenue generated by their ads.

p5play may use your game to promote p5play. This includes, but is not limited to, featuring your game on the p5play website and using your game, including any of its assets, in p5play's advertising.

p5play may modify this EULA from time to time. Your continued use of p5play after the changes take effect will indicate your acceptance of the modified EULA.

This EULA constitutes the entire agreement between you and p5play regarding your use of the p5play software and any content made with it. If any provision of this EULA is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
